you see that i can get closer that's
freaky looks kinda like a triangle on
this IM goin down aah goin to live right
huh
is that it's just dancing around out
there it's freaky
you're close the hangar
move so much where did it go where I go
that's right still there
that is weird I can't get close enough
it moves making zero noise nothing is
that that's like green spot I'm trying
to get closer to avoid but then I get
close at move freaking UFO where did it
go it is it gone no it's nice to it
every time i zoom in it goes away
all right there it is
there is a freaking green but you gotta
check out this thing in the sky it's
crazy go look outside outside your door
kind of towards a large outside of town
there's just like a green light yeah a
green orb in the sky outside you that
like torque down highway 70 dagger lost
too much as I'm hovering you know like
towards our house from your house you're
probably wanna it's like way far out
though by where the highway is though
like where I 25 is it's quite bright no
it's in the air oh look you should be
able to see it oh yeah she's right back
there you should be able to see it Oh
steady
just like hovering you just drive
straight down highway 70 let's sync it
it's dropping
oh it's cool chime just like a green
light sky that's bouncing around
come on baby hold steady when you what
yeah when you are out your door you look
to the right oh no it's not it's not
that high see the airplane it's over Las
Cruces see the 1500 lost Cruces lights
and then there it is just a green Borbon
sky yeah below that find a ways towards
a little city light drop towards the
city lights for the horizon and weight
low you can't see that okay well it was
higher it's got a lot lower now Mike
you